yeah yeah yeah yeah
feel
I know what you say got something to say
all the people just don't wear it now
VidCon is very soon so i am going to be
a part of the cool like Samsung keeping
I'm gonna do some stuff with Adobe but
the third thing very awesome thing is
I'm actually shooting a documentary with
these dudes introduce yourself hi I'm
Ian dokie I'm the producer of said
documentary and I'm Aaron Woolf and I am
director the name of this documentary is
your day is about VidCon yeah Usher
VidCon location yeah we're at the first
vid complication now we're gonna eat
some shot some establishment shot so
we're gonna kind of just show the I
don't know like a story of an internet
kid going to like internet summer camp
exactly exactly where it kind of came
from so yeah we're gonna get some shots
that's why we're out here today and yeah
so you'll get to see a lot of
behind-the-scenes this next week among
many other things so stay tuned
so this place is where the original
VidCon happened although we're going to
do in there and get some shots you guys
are about to go in there you're gonna
act just like tourists yeah like you
want to be at the hotel you want to
maybe check in but you want to check the
place out oh my gosh it was after a year
oh my gosh I guess I guess we can still
get shots from outside they wanted their
whole like beginning of the documentary
to be a lot of it like footage from the
hotel that's now closed it's gonna be
mixed with interviews will be fine be
good we'll get some fun
it's fun
everything's going to be fine guys
everything's going to be fine
like we have no idea that crazy guy is
Aaron who's flying the drone just said
oh wow I don't know what that means good
bad who knows the stick around tune in
next time hey if we get arrested when
the cops come okay
please stop yelling about it there's an
issue at the GPS I hear it oh there's
someone walking by
I yet to see the drown what does it look
so much alike it's so funny how like
dangerous this feels yeah right guys I'm
not even lying when i took it out you
guys are like yelling I mean it was
drifting away and I have the GPS turned
off so the wind was just like I'm gonna
take you yes but did you get the shot I
got shot
so here's a shot by the talented Aaron
oh my brightness is really low but
that's club
that's awesome and I've got it like a
shot going away from it as well oh yeah
that looks good afterwards a night I
just can't believe that this is just a
shot that a normal person can get just
what they're like phallus another DRAM
think about even like six years ago
we're at a restaurant called home we
just filmed to suck and it end the night
here this restaurants playlist is on
points not like something be in a ser DP
video really does don't want fish and
chips
are you going back
I want your locker and oh do you hear me
I didn't hear thee I don't know if I her
to meet in solving all over we have like
hard drives macbook drone
all the things that car
plus they give his pickup yeah I'm gonna
try not to die because if you die I'll
use all of my blog footage from
but I also die so there's that I'm
pretty sure I walk to the car as you
just saw in that clip but I'm not one
hundred percent it's also it's also
super dark and there's people it's like
really like the iso is pretty pumped on
this but hell boy if I lose Sarah's
laptop uh she's she's very nice but she
will very nicely murder me ok ok ok car
car is locked who I don't know if it was
unlocked by just locked it and now it's
good oh my god there's a dog you don't
know if it was logged you didn't get
validation whether you know I did see a
scary dog balance such a fun day hanging
out with the crew tomorrow I have a
creative spaces TV show that I'm gonna
bring you along with me and shooting
some interviews for this documentary on
comp you guys for a great day stay
peachy okay
you